Rafkill

INSTALL: Read INSTALL

Game is built to run at 25 fps, but if you need more, look at the following parameters.

Command line parameters:

	-h, -help, --help	:	Show the help screen listing the parameters
	-l			:	Run game without showing background.
	-w			:	Run game in windowed mode.

	If the game runs too slowly for you, try using a combination of -l -g#. 

	In the game you can change whether to show a background and the speed of the game.
Getting rid of the background should significantly increase the fps if less than desired rate.

HOW TO PLAY:

Rafkill is a standard shootem-up like Raptor: Call of the Shadows and Tyrian.

You will have a bird's eye view of the playing field, which is on an alien
world as you will be able to tell from the wierdo background I made up. Enemies
will "fly" towards you shooting bullets at you that you should probably dodge.
Your job is to shoot the enemies! How simple! 

Killing enemies gives you money( score ). If you kill a group of enemies, 
which you can kind of tell because they move in the same pattern and are
close to each other, you might get a handy coin which gives you more score!
There are other powerups, so look for them too. The score lets you buy more
weapons and hull parts. There are 5 weapon groups and a few weapons in each
group, but you can only have one weapon per group except for the accessory 
weapons in which you can have *3* weapons only. Once you buy 3, you cant buy
any more. In this version, there are only 4 weapons so its not a big deal 
anyway. There are 3 hulls, which have higher life and shield than the last
and can buy a new set of weapons. Buying a new hull doesnt throw away your
weapons, but it does throw away your accessory weapons. 

KEYS:

UP - Up arrow, Key pad 8, or W
DOWN - Down arrow, Key pad 2, X, or S
LEFT - Left arrow, Key pad 4, or A
RIGHT - Right arrow, Key pad 6, or D
SHOOT - SpaceBar, Enter, Keypad Enter
SWITCH ALTERNATE WEAPONS - Alt key

PORTING:

If you would like to change the screen size look at src/defs.h and change the two variables SCALE_X and SCALE_Y. Do *not* change GRAPHICS_X and GRAPHICS_Y.

To change user input or add some new fancy input device look at src/playerobj.cpp and src/playerobj.h. Write or change one of the input methods (mouseInput, keyboardInput, joyInput). An input method has to return a 'struct input' object.

Enjoy the game!!

I love feedback, and money, so if you have either send them to me!
email: jon@rafkind.com
